Multiplex readme text (#273)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-portal: api/scpca_portal/templates/readme_multiplexed.md

## Contents

This download includes single-cell or single-nuclei gene expression files and associated metadata for samples from project [{project_accession}]({project_url}) in the ScPCA portal.

This project includes multiplexed samples, where multiple biological samples have been combined into libraries using cellhashing or similar technologies.

> The data files are divided into folders named by the set of samples that the libraries within contain (an underscore-separated list of sample ids, each with an `SCPCS` prefix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each folder will be named with an underscore-separated list of sample ids (containing the `SCPCS` prefix) that correspond to the samples that are multiplexed and combined to create a given library(s). 
Within each folder are the gene expression data for each library containing the samples listed in the folder name.
```
I don't know if this is much better, but something about this sentence was confusing so I tried to clarify a bit?

Author: I really struggled with this sentence, and I didn't love where it ended up either. I tried again with the latest revision; let me know what you think!

If a project contains bulk RNA-seq data, two tab-separated value files, `bulk_quant.tsv` and `bulk_metadata.tsv`, will be included in the download.
The `bulk_quant.tsv` file contains a gene by sample matrix (each row a gene, each column a sample) containing raw gene expression counts quantified by Salmon.
The `bulk_metadata.tsv` file contains associated metadata for all samples with bulk RNA-seq data.

See the [Downloadable files](https://scpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/download_files.html) section in our documentation for more detailed information on files included in the download.

## Usage

For instructions on using the RDS files, please see [FAQ: How do I use the provided files in R?](https://scpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq.html#how-do-i-use-the-provided-rds-files-in-r) or [FAQ: What if I want to use Python instead of R?](https://scpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq.html#what-if-i-want-to-use-python-instead-of-r)

> Note that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this was here by mistake.

Author: I think this was actually where I meant to add a link to the multiplex getting started section...
